 About
-------

War of Pixelords (WoP) is a multiplayer shooter game made with Python. The
players fight against each other with versatile space ships and various weapons.

To contact the developers send mail to ape@ape3000.com. If you have any ideas or
questions about the project don't hesitate to contact.


 Running the game
------------------

To play the game run pixelords.py with your Python:

	python pixelords.py

You need python and pygame. It is recommended to use the latest versions of
them.


 Contributing
--------------

If you have made any pieces of code for the game (engine, weapons) or content
like levels, graphics and sounds, please consider sending them for the main
project.

There are some ways to share the contributions. The best way is to commit them
to a Git repository and making a pull request on the main Git tree [1]. You can
also make a patch of your changes (diff -u) or send the files in the format you
prefer with email to ape@ape3000.com.

	[1] http://github.com/Ape/pixelords


 Coding guidelines
-------------------

To keep everything coherent, simple and working everybody should follow certain
coding standards:

	- Use LF (unix) line endigns.
	- Use tabs for indentation. Python is strict about mixing spaces and tabs.
	- Keep the code as simple as possible.


 How to make weapons
---------------------

See src/Items.py for weapon data. Every weapon and it's attributes are listed
there. A weapon usually spawns objects that can be found in src/Object.py. Also
remember to add you weapons to src/Settings.py.


 How to make levels
--------------------

Levels (or maps) can be easily created with any image manipulation software. A
map cosists of data mask (mask.png) that has the information about ground types,
a visual image (visual.png) telling what the level should look like, and a
background image that is shown when ground is destroyed and in places very the
visual map has transparency.

Place your map files as it's own folder to the maps/-folder and type the folder
name to src/Settings.py as the selected map to play on it.
